Image Rendering: Remove PhantomJS support (#23460)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/upgrading.md

This version of Chrome also rejects insecure `SameSite=None` cookies. See https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5633521622188032 for more information. Make sure that you
change the `[security]` setting `cookie_secure` to `true` and use HTTPS when `cookie_samesite` is configured to `none`, otherwise authentication in Grafana won't work properly.

## Upgrading to v7.0

### PhantomJS removed

> PhantomJS was deprecated in [Grafana v6.4](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/guides/whats-new-in-v6-4/#phantomjs-deprecation) and starting from Grafana v7.0.0 PhantomJS support have been removed. This means that Grafana no longer ships with a built-in image renderer and we adwise you to install the [Grafana Image Renderer plugin](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PhantomJS was deprecated in [Grafana v6.4](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/guides/whats-new-in-v6-4/#phantomjs-deprecation) and starting from Grafana v7.0.0, all PhantomJS support has been removed. This means that Grafana no longer ships with a built-in image renderer, and we adwise you to install the [Grafana Image Renderer plugin](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer).
```
